so
yeah you can use this is
short distant guns like this one I saw
they holding the tail
you can do that
so i get uh
Oh No
look at Chuck's girl
Oh
these are all stepping into two
way to get on here and still going
through all this just come up to the
screen block right here jump up in here
I learned this from watching a guy in
Search and Destroy he died by the way by
knife to the back so it was not very
pleasant but anyway you can see that
it's good for keeping
close eye on anything
get some kills you know and I did notice
this I here a while ago airplanes if you
get really noticed
yeah um
I think that's about it
I know that you can get on that my
friend is done it before but I could
make it across just like screw it
so by the way if you do respond on the
back over here don't really come over
here yes it will seem like a douche to
other people what I like to do is
nobody's coming I was shot good
sit ups amore
run back either stand here jump on these
stairs so if the trailer up I will shew
them or get back here so I can't right
here so that can keep a distance on that
opening overlay
and
come on to freak out so much yeah I
don't know what state level over and
over again but yeah this is different
country
USA
let's say you were sick
not rlly back here I don't know what
could come back here actually but it
seems like because this is happening I'm
guessing this a way to get back here
because i was playing online with my
friends and just messing around on the
back and after a Frank and as you can
see as you can see you can only see it
it did glow which kind of mean indicates
to me that in some way you can get
through that oh hi
so I think that about wraps it up for me
kind of but i'll show you a few more
really easy stuff you know people like
that can't be very popular
a year
beginning of the match she's got misty
guys officially at the other sniper one
shot kill headshot of the way almost
guaranteed can hide here playing Search
and Destroy captured by the national
mother here they always passed back and
forth bring out a shotgun might shoot
around
demolition domination sir can destroy
etc
that's about it for me
subscribe
going to be a yellow button corner
you're bringing new youtube if you are
and welcome I guess oh shit but anyway
and subscribe if you want add me as a
friend if you want add me on PSN not
xbox experience and
as gungrave where you moved staying with
my youtube account name
supposed to comment you know turn me out
if you guys know how to get up there on
I was other people have gotten up there
and i'm just too lazy to find out by
myself so
about wraps it up for me
it's the third time I said that
what else well check out my other videos
too I think
two other videos two different maps
liberals are extended 10 minutes there
oh so I guess I'll give you guys some
hints and tips later not immediately
because I just well probably immediately
because I've barely got my torrent of
sony vegas nine 10 and my first torrent
that have ever done
oh it's the only one that can actually
read this format of my memory cards
so yeah
hope you guys enjoy this as much as I
did hope this helped and
GTFO